[MUSIC]
>> Kent C. Dodds: Anybody
have any questions?
>> Speaker 2: So a question on security.
Earlier you were talking,
just because you've opened it to whatever.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah, anything, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: So you mentioned maybe
someone putting a virus in code or
something like that.
Is there any type of-
>> Kent C. Dodds: Possibility of that
happening.
>> Speaker 2: Virus scan, or
anything to prevent them from happening?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah,
that's a good question.
>> Speaker 2: And then another one,
in your experience,
have you seen something get injected like
that before, or have you heard of that
happening, with [CROSSTALK]
>> Kent C. Dodds: Having a virus as part
of an OM module?
>> Speaker 2: Yep.
>> Kent C. Dodds: So
I can tell a couple stories, or
one story in particular comes to mind.
So there is an attack vector that
is available to anybody right now.
And that is because most people
don't lock down their versions.
Anybody who has a widely used NPM module
could really a patch version that
does the virus thing.
And then because nobody, or
many people, don't lock down their
version numbers, then you pick up
the patch version and boom your infected.
So that's one argument for lucky numbers
and numbers and using shrink-wrap as well.
So that's kind of scary a little bit.
Actually, somebody wrote a blog
post about how easy it would be to
write a virus that gets your NPM tokens,
and
then gives it to them, and then they have
access to publish on your modules too.
And so they publish patched
versions on all these modules,
and poof, the whole world is burning.
So yeah, there's definitely an attack
vector that's kinda scary from that
perspective.
And that's not really a solved problem.
As far as past experience with people
really messing everybody up, yeah.
Left pad is something that
some people may have heard of.
It was a couple months ago.
Some disgruntled open source contributor
got upset at NPM for something and
decided that they didn't want to
participate in the community anymore.
They had a module that was like 10
lines long that takes a number or
takes a strain and
adds a left padding to it.
So like you pass it a number of like
23 and then you say I want to left
pad it like five spaces and
it will turn it to one, two, three, 23.
Right?
So pretty small module, but
Babel uses it for some reason.
So when they unpublished that module,
then Babel broke.
And because it was a transitive
dependency of Babel and
Babel had it listed like
a version range with a carrot,
then everybody else who install Babel,
thereafter,
their NPM install failed because that
package is no longer on the registry.
And the world was blowing like exploding
and like fires and everything for
about an hour before things were resolved.
And so I don't think anybody died, but
it got everybody to think like okay,
so what do we do in situations like this?
So the result was NPM decided
that you can unpublish
a module from NPM within
24 hours after publishing.
That saves you if you accidentally publish
something with your tokens or something
like with, you know, something that's
critical to your business or something.
But thereafter,
you have to contact support.
And if you have any
dependencies that are on, or
anybody's downloading your module
,then they're probably gonna say no.
And you'll just have
to update your tokens.
If something like that happened you just
have to invalidate all that information.
So I think that was a good call from their
perspective, how to respond to that.
Like as far as policy change goes.
We want the registry to be immutable so
that we can protect ourselves
from attack vectors, like unpublishing
something that's really important, or
publishing over on top of another version.
But yeah, the attack vector of
transitive dependencies and
publishing viruses as patch versions,
yeah, that still exists.
Nobody get any ideas.
[LAUGH] So cool,
any other questions before we look
at hopefully a successful release.
Okay you're all just waiting, did it work?
Okay so we reported the coverage and
then we run release.
Generate a change log in front of,
yeah key click handlers.
So it looks like that's the output
that you get from NPM publish.
So it did release a new version and
it generated change log from one commit.
So if we go to github-names then
we'll see we have 2.0.3 released.
And if we actually, just for
the fun of it, we'll view the code.
We'll look at the package, my goodness.
Did you see that?
Where's my dist directory?
Wait, I'm looking at version two.
Whew!
So it looks like NPM's CDN's
cache hasn't been updated yet.
But, there we go.
Woah, that like terrified me for a second.
But, yeah,
we look at our package.json, and
we see it's not semantic-release,
it's the actual version.
So that's awesome.
Now, let's look at our GitHub repo.
So we'll go to, actually,
we have a link right here.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And,
we'll go to releases and, boom.
We have a tagged release that
has our change log in it.
People can go look for more information
at this to see what actually changed.
And, I didn't have to do
anything more than just,
this kind of follows the same idea
of tie your hands to free your mind.
It's like tie your hands
to free your time.
So if you can commit yourself to
following a couple of conventions,
then it can really save
you a ton of time and
having to run deprecations on things
when you forget to run builds and stuff.
So yeah, that will happen automatically.
And that's pretty much it as
far as slides and things go.
The next thing we're gonna
talk about is community.
So I'm gonna just leave that open for
questions.
>> Kent C. Dodds: So Denarte is asking,
what should be in any breaking changes or
issues caused by this change?
So and if I go back to validate
commit message to find that link.
Here,
>> Kent C. Dodds: List any what is it?
That was actually a commit as in question.
So the committ as in question
is list any breaking changes or
issues caused by this change.
And that goes in your footer.
So that is what goes right here.
And this would be anything like,
let's say somebody
reports an issue with your library and
you're fixing it.
Then you would say, okay,
this closes issue number 300 or whatever.
So you would say closes number 45.
And then GitHub will automatically
close that issue for
you and that commit is merged into master.
And if you have breaking changes
associated with this then you'd say,
BREAKING CHANGE: random
changed to getRandom,
would be an example of that.
>> Kent C. Dodds: So any other questions?
Question from Bret, any reason my Travis
CI is now not kicking off the build.
No Travis setting issue,
potentially one of my scripts slash hooks.
Not likely,
I'm not sure what that could be, Bret.
Maybe we can chat a little bit after or
something.
Sorry.
You can ping me on GitHub issues or
something.
I feel like there is probably room for
me to talk a little bit about, or
address the question that people often
have about frequency of releasing.
So people often ask, okay, so now you're
releasing on every single commit?
Isn't that a little bit much?
>> Kent C. Dodds: So yeah, maybe it's
more than many libraries release, but
I'm of the opinion that pretty
much the only reason we don't
release every single commit is
because it's not easy to do.
And so by making it easier if you
just take a step back and say,
if it was painless to release on every
single commit, why would I not do that?
And I can't think of a reason.
There's one situation where I would
maybe postpone releasing, and that's for
breaking changes.
Because maybe I wanna queue up some
breaking changes all together so
I don't reach version 25,
and people are constantly trying to update
their code to deal with breaking changes.
So it's nice to have your community
only deal with breaking changes once,
even if there are multiple
breaking changes in a release.
And so the way that you manage
that kind of a thing and,
I did this recently with
one of my packages,
is you create a branch called next or
beta or whatever want to call it.
And then all commits that are breaking
you make pull requests to that branch.
You continue to do that until
you're ready to release it, and
then you make a pull request
from that branch to master.
And you merge that and all those commits
suddenly get to put into that release and
semantic release will say, wow,
look at all these commits.
And those are all released together.
So if you do want to batch up releases and
have a big marketing, celebrating thing.
Then you can just have all of your pull
requests go to a different branch and
then release those out when
you're ready to actually release that,
just merge them into master.
So the process of releasing has changed
from running scripts to merging to master.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: And I think you
made a comment earlier about how
you no longer commit to master.
Is that?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: So, can you explain that?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah, so
the comment I made earlier was
you never force push the master.
And that's generally a good idea.
If you force push the master,
your co-workers will not like you, and
the reason for that is what you're doing
is you're taking the code you have and
putting it up on master regardless
of whatever is up there.
So if somebody else had pushed
up some code to master,
you're overriding their changes,
not a good idea.
But what you said is correct, as well.
I generally try to avoid
pushing directly to master.
I try to make pull requests,
a well, and that actually segues
into the community aspect of things that
I'm gonna talk about here in a second.
But this is, what I try to do,
is I try to encourage other people to
review my code even in my own libraries.
That helps builds community.
So unless anybody else
has further questions,
I'm gonna just jump into this
little chit chat about community.